Name: Gary Clary
FSUID: gec22c
Repository URL: https://github.com/kingclary02/assignment2

Tutorial Completion Date: March 5, 2026
GitHub Account Setup Date: March 2026


1) Console output after pushing changes in step 3.C

garyclaryjr@Garys-MacBook-Pro assignment2 % git push
Enumerating objects: 7, done.
Counting objects: 100% (7/7), done.
Delta compression using up to 8 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 568 bytes | 568.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0), pack-reused 0 (from 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
To github.com:kingclary02/assignment2.git
   d64d389..4bde52e  master -> master


2) How many commits have been done to the repository (anyone)?

Command used:
git rev-list --count --all

Answer:
(PASTE THE NUMBER OUTPUT HERE)


3) When was README.md modified last?

Command used:
git log -1 --format=%ci -- README.md

Answer:
(PASTE THE TIMESTAMP OUTPUT HERE)


4) Mention two reasons why branches are used in a Git repository

• To allow developers to work on new features without affecting the main branch.
• To allow multiple developers to work on different parts of the project simultaneously.


5) What is the difference between git log and git status?

git log shows the commit history of the repository.

git status shows the current state of the working directory and staging area.


6) What command would you use to see the commits where “Vehicle.h” was one of the committed files?

git log -- Vehicle.h


7) What command would you use to see the commits whose commit message contains the word “file”?

git log --grep="file"


8) In the context of object-oriented programming

Inheritance:
Inheritance allows a class to acquire properties and behaviors from another class.

Polymorphism:
Polymorphism allows different objects to respond to the same method in different ways.

Encapsulation:
Encapsulation hides the internal details of a class and restricts direct access to its data.


9) What is the main difference between the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow and the “Integration manager” workflow?

In the Integration Manager workflow, a single maintainer reviews and merges contributions from developers into the main repository.

In the Dictator and Lieutenants workflow, several trusted maintainers manage different subsystems of the project and integrate contributions before sending them to the main project leader.


10) How would a team of 100 developers benefit from following the “Dictator and Lieutenants” workflow instead of the “Centralized” workflow?

A large team benefits because responsibilities are distributed among several subsystem maintainers, which reduces bottlenecks and improves coordination compared to a centralized workflow where all changes go through a single integration point.

git rev-list --count --all

git log -1 --format=%ci -- README.md

